c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Snapic.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Snapic.pdb
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Snapic_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.g.resources
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.pdb
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Snapic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Other.g.cs
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\SnapChats.g.cs
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\obj\Debug\Welcome.g.cs
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\RestSharp.WindowsPhone.dll
C:\Users\Austin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snapic\Snapic\Bin\Debug\RestSharp.WindowsPhone.xml
